Spatial Scope:
The subject area will encompass the Logan Neighborhood of Philadelphia, as defined by the Logan Comprehensive Neighborhood Plan. The Neighborhood is bound by Olney Avenue on the North, E. Wister Street and Stenton Avenue on the West, N. 6th Street on the East, and W. Wingohocking Street on the South. The Logan Community Development Corporation has been working with residents since 2008 to identify and address community issues, such as disparities in employment, public health, access to high-quality housing, and open green space in the neighborhood. The Logan Triangle lies in the center of the neighborhood. This 48-acre block of land targeted for redevelopment was the site of a subsidence crisis where all residential homes were eventually demolished and its residents displaced. Today it offers the opportunity to provide Logan residents with much needed support services and infrastructure. As our project seeks to understand the needs and priorities of Logan as defined by its residents, we will explore the area used in the Comprehensive Neighborhood Plan. (see map below)
Data Sources:
Our team will use Social Explorer and Philadelphia Open Data to analyze the neighborhood around the Logan Triangle and the greater Philadelphia area. Social Explorer will provide census data needed to better understand the community in Logan. Data downloaded from Social Explorer will include housing, demographics, and health. The majority of our data will come from Philadelphia Open Data, which provides datasets on planning/zoning, transportation, parks/recreation, and the environment. We anticipate that our data sources will expand as our research evolves. 
